README.md, before:

if you want to refer to the original README.md, read the original_README.md 
# Training Faster RCNN on Imagenet

## preparing data

```
ILSVRC13 
└─── LSVRC2013_DET_val
    │   *.JPEG (Image files)
└─── data
    │   meta_det.mat
```
Load the meta_det.mat file by 
```
classes = sio.loadmat(os.path.join(self._devkit_path, 'data', 'meta_det.mat'))
```

## Construct IMDB file
There's are several file you need to modify.

#### factory_imagenet.py
This file is in the directory **$FRCNN_ROOT/lib/datasets**($FRCNN_ROOT is the where your faster rcnn locate) and is called by train_net_imagenet.py.  
It is the interface loading the imdb file.   
```
for split in ['train', 'val', 'val1', 'val2', 'test']:
    name = 'imagenet_{}'.format(split)
    devkit_path = '/media/VSlab2/imagenet/ILSVRC13'
    __sets[name] = (lambda split=split, devkit_path=devkit_path:datasets.imagenet.imagenet(split,devkit_path))
```
#### imagenet.py
##### In function __ __init__ __(self, image_set, devkit_path)    
we have to enlarge the number of category from 20+1 into 200+1 categories. Note that in imagenet dataset, the object category is something like "n02691156", instead of "airplane"
```
self._data_path = os.path.join(self._devkit_path, 'ILSVRC2013_DET_' +     self._image_set[:-1])
synsets = sio.loadmat(os.path.join(self._devkit_path, 'data', 'meta_det.mat'))
self._classes = ('__background__',)
self._wnid = (0,)
for i in xrange(200):
    self._classes = self._classes + (synsets['synsets'][0][i][2][0],)
    self._wnid = self._wnid + (synsets['synsets'][0][i][1][0],)
self._wnid_to_ind = dict(zip(self._wnid, xrange(self.num_classes)))
self._class_to_ind = dict(zip(self.classes, xrange(self.num_classes)))
```
self._class denotes the class name   
self._wnid denotes the id of the category

##### In function _load_imagenet_annotation(self, index)
This is because in the pascal voc dataset, all coordinates start from one, so in order to make them start from 0, we need to minus 1. But this is not true for imagenet, so we should not minus 1.   
So we need to modify these lines to:
```
for ix, obj in enumerate(objs):
    x1 = float(get_data_from_tag(obj, 'xmin'))
    y1 = float(get_data_from_tag(obj, 'ymin'))
    x2 = float(get_data_from_tag(obj, 'xmax'))
    y2 = float(get_data_from_tag(obj, 'ymax'))
    cls = self._wnid_to_ind[str(get_data_from_tag(obj, "name")).lower().strip()]
```
Noted that in faster rcnnn, we don't need to run the selective-search, which is the main difference from fast rcnn.
## Modify the prototxt
**train.prototxt**    
Change the number of classes into 200+1
```
param_str: "'num_classes': 201"
```
In layer "bbox_pred", change the number of output into (200+1)*4
```
num_output: 804
```
You can modify the **test.prototxt** in the same way. 
## Start to Train On Imagenet!
Run the **$FRCNN/experiments/scripts/faster_rcnn_end2end_imagenet.sh**.   
The use of .sh file is just the same as the original [faster rcnn ](https://github.com/rbgirshick/py-faster-rcnn)
## Reference
[How to train fast rcnn on imagenet](http://sunshineatnoon.github.io/Train-fast-rcnn-model-on-imagenet-without-matlab/)

Commit message:

Update README(demo image and videos)

README.md, after:

if you want to refer to the original README.md, read the original_README.md 
# Training Faster RCNN on Imagenet

## preparing data

```
ILSVRC13 
└─── LSVRC2013_DET_val
    │   *.JPEG (Image files)
└─── data
    │   meta_det.mat
```
Load the meta_det.mat file by 
```
classes = sio.loadmat(os.path.join(self._devkit_path, 'data', 'meta_det.mat'))
```

## Construct IMDB file
There's are several file you need to modify.

#### factory_imagenet.py
This file is in the directory **$FRCNN_ROOT/lib/datasets**($FRCNN_ROOT is the where your faster rcnn locate) and is called by train_net_imagenet.py.  
It is the interface loading the imdb file.   
```
for split in ['train', 'val', 'val1', 'val2', 'test']:
    name = 'imagenet_{}'.format(split)
    devkit_path = '/media/VSlab2/imagenet/ILSVRC13'
    __sets[name] = (lambda split=split, devkit_path=devkit_path:datasets.imagenet.imagenet(split,devkit_path))
```
#### imagenet.py
##### In function __ __init__ __(self, image_set, devkit_path)    
we have to enlarge the number of category from 20+1 into 200+1 categories. Note that in imagenet dataset, the object category is something like "n02691156", instead of "airplane"
```
self._data_path = os.path.join(self._devkit_path, 'ILSVRC2013_DET_' +     self._image_set[:-1])
synsets = sio.loadmat(os.path.join(self._devkit_path, 'data', 'meta_det.mat'))
self._classes = ('__background__',)
self._wnid = (0,)
for i in xrange(200):
    self._classes = self._classes + (synsets['synsets'][0][i][2][0],)
    self._wnid = self._wnid + (synsets['synsets'][0][i][1][0],)
self._wnid_to_ind = dict(zip(self._wnid, xrange(self.num_classes)))
self._class_to_ind = dict(zip(self.classes, xrange(self.num_classes)))
```
self._class denotes the class name   
self._wnid denotes the id of the category

##### In function _load_imagenet_annotation(self, index)
This is because in the pascal voc dataset, all coordinates start from one, so in order to make them start from 0, we need to minus 1. But this is not true for imagenet, so we should not minus 1.   
So we need to modify these lines to:
```
for ix, obj in enumerate(objs):
    x1 = float(get_data_from_tag(obj, 'xmin'))
    y1 = float(get_data_from_tag(obj, 'ymin'))
    x2 = float(get_data_from_tag(obj, 'xmax'))
    y2 = float(get_data_from_tag(obj, 'ymax'))
    cls = self._wnid_to_ind[str(get_data_from_tag(obj, "name")).lower().strip()]
```
Noted that in faster rcnnn, we don't need to run the selective-search, which is the main difference from fast rcnn.
## Modify the prototxt
**train.prototxt**    
Change the number of classes into 200+1
```
param_str: "'num_classes': 201"
```
In layer "bbox_pred", change the number of output into (200+1)*4
```
num_output: 804
```
You can modify the **test.prototxt** in the same way. 
## Start to Train Faster RCNN On Imagenet!
Run the **$FRCNN/experiments/scripts/faster_rcnn_end2end_imagenet.sh**.   
The use of .sh file is just the same as the original [faster rcnn ](https://github.com/rbgirshick/py-faster-rcnn)
## Demo
Just run the **demo.py** to visualize pictures! 
![demo_02](https://github.com/andrewliao11/py-faster-rcnn/blob/master/tools/output_demo_02.jpg?raw=true)
![demo_03](https://github.com/andrewliao11/py-faster-rcnn/blob/master/tools/output_demo_03.jpg?raw=true)

### faster rcnn with tracker on videos
[![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](http://img.youtube.com/vi/wY7LADoEuFs/0.jpg)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wY7LADoEuFs)

Original video "https://www.jukinmedia.com/videos/view/5655"
## Reference
[How to train fast rcnn on imagenet](http://sunshineatnoon.github.io/Train-fast-rcnn-model-on-imagenet-without-matlab/)
